---
id: 47
title: 'April 18, 2022'
date: '2022-04-19T00:12:38+00:00'
author: infectiontag
layout: post
guid: 'http://blog.nishantkompella.me/?p=47'
permalink: /2022/04/19/april-18-2022/
categories:
    - Uncategorized
tags:
    - blog
    - thoughts
---

## Intersession

The school I go to, Design Tech High School, has a “cycle system”. Because we have six classes, we take three classes for 1 and a half hours every day for three weeks. The next three weeks are the other cycle. So far, two cycles have elapsed. Are you still with me?

Every three cycles, we have a two week long break from normal classes. We take weird short-term classes, like cooking and photography and game development. The classes are three hours long.

Today we started the third and final intersession of this year. My two classes are Alternative Photographic Processes (basically cyanotype prints) and cooking. I have taken both classes before, so there isn’t much to talk about there.

## Algebra II

I need to start Algebra II over the summer along with Trig so I can do precalculus next year. The deadline is coming up, and I still haven’t gotten to talk to my counselor about it.

## Time

There’s always something sucking up your time. There will always be something coming to stress you out, whether it be deadlines, or tests, or overdue homework assignments, or grades, or meetings, or a sibling who won’t shut the hell up for once.

Since ninth grade started, I found out there were a lot more stressors than I had expected. There was a lot to do and not enough time to do it. I had no time to do the things I wanted to do, or to go where I wanted to go.

Sometimes I wonder what it would be like without any extracurriculars, with a whole day to do nothing but what I wanted, when I wanted.

That’s in the future, though. For now, I need to get back to work.