---
id: 111
title: 'June 18, 2022'
date: '2022-06-19T06:07:49+00:00'
author: infectiontag
layout: post
guid: 'http://blog.nishantkompella.me/?p=111'
permalink: /2022/06/19/june-18-2022/
categories:
    - Uncategorized
tags:
    - blog
    - updates
---

## Birthday

Today is my birthday! I am turning 15 years old today. That means that I am just 6 months away from a learner’s permit; one step closer to being able to drive my own car!

### What did I do?

- I woke up early to go to swim team, because my coach did some really fun (and tiring) stuff for my birthday
- I got back, and invited my friends over for a pool party (none of them came)
- My family and I went down to the Lagoon to rent a kayak, but it was “too windy for beginners” and we couldn’t come. We were promised a reservation for a lesson on Tuesday (6/21), though.
- We went out for bubble tea, where I realized that the milk tea doesn’t even have milk (it’s literally a bunch of my peers making tea, how good can it *really* be?)
- My brother and I went for a run with my dog.
- I studied some math and had dinner (delicious ravioli and probably the best tres leches cake I have ever had)

## Amusement Park

A while back (a couple of weeks ago), I went down to Great America with my friends and had a lot of fun. Then, I realized that there doesn’t seem to be much creativity to roller coasters anymore — they all appear to be some variation of [Testsrecke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zicwXuTe9zU), and that isn’t saying much, seeing as the ride is one and a half minutes long.

So, I was thinking, why can’t I design my *own* amusement park with custom roller coasters?

Coming soon to an internet near you: [coasters.nishantkompella.me](http://coasters.nishantkompella.me)!

More about this coming in a future blog post.