---
id: 144
title: 'July 5, 2022'
date: '2022-07-06T06:11:19+00:00'
author: infectiontag
layout: post
guid: 'http://blog.nishantkompella.me/?p=144'
permalink: /2022/07/06/july-5-2022/
categories:
    - Uncategorized
---

“Life is just one big passing period” – Me

## Hard Drive

My dad found a couple of 2TB hard drives for sale at Costco. ([FYI: The drive is a Seagate Gaming 2 Terrabyte Firecuda Hard Drive, so it’s pretty fast.](https://www.target.com/p/seagate-2tb-portable-game-drive-hard-drive-for-xbox-black-green-stkx2000400/-/A-82673530?ref=tgt_adv_XS000000&AFID=google_pla_df&fndsrc=tgtao&DFA=71700000012807845&CPNG=PLA_Electronics%2BShopping_Local%7CElectronics_Ecomm_Hardlines&adgroup=SC_Electronics&LID=700000001170770pgs&LNM=PRODUCT_GROUP&network=g&device=c&location=9031975&targetid=pla-627591811898&ds_rl=1246978&ds_rl=1248099&gclid=CjwKCAjwwo-WBhAMEiwAV4dybXVfZCuA_9r1wQkXp9Y0FCm3vBV51ZTBupD7D866Xst4RFCup-N-khoCjTQQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds)) He gave one to me. I’m planning to use it to back up my site and other important files, as my computer only has 128 GB. I’ll also keep some not-very-important apps on there, like FileZilla, which I only use to back up this site and will only use with my hard drive.

Also, I’m going to back up my Google Drive from school, because I think that some files on there are important. Initially, I wanted it to be a Time Machine Backup, but then again, there are other things I want to keep on there. I have a 128 GB drive that I can use, hopefully.

## May be moving from WordPress

WordPress and InfinityFree are kind of a big hassle, so I’m thinking of going back to my roots with GitHub Pages and Jekyll. Yes, I struggled with it earlier, but I found out how when making a page for my organization, [NSSK](https://nssk-organization.github.io).

The thing is, Jekyll is simple in comparison, and I don’t want my website to lag. Perhaps I’ll just move this blog — this *is* the thing that uses most of my Inodes, after all. I’ll update you when I decide.

## July 4 is OVER, people!

The [Fourth of July is over](http://blog.nishantkompella.me/2022/07/05/july-4-2022/). If you missed out on your chance to light fireworks, you gotta wait a year. I’m sick of all these people who light fireworks the day after.

The holiday is over, and people are working! My mom is in a meeting right now, as some psycho is somewhere in the 20 mile radius lights some loud-as-shit fireworks. My dog is growling. Where is the consideration? People have shit to do! You should have watched them yesterday; everyone else did! It should be illegal to light fireworks on any day within the two months following the 4th of July.